fix: README docs (#216)
mcollina/undici: README.md

A basic HTTP/1.1 client, mapped on top a single TCP/TLS connection.
Keepalive is enabled by default, and it cannot be turned off.

`url` can be a string or a [`URL`](https://nodejs.org/api/url.html#url_class_url) object.

> It should only include the protocol, the domain/IP address, and the port.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should only include the protocol, hostname, and the port.
```
